Add compatibility section (#917)
github/view_component: docs/frequently-asked-questions.md

```

_Note: Using validations in this manner can lead to runtime exceptions. Use them wisely._

## Can I use ViewComponent with `X library`?

> Although we'd like to support more libraries, ViewComponent is currently only available for Rails.
> More info in the [compatibility section](./compatibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ViewComponent is currently only available for Rails. Read more: [compatibility section](./compatibility).
```
